Pentax has released a very
curious novelty camera
pop diva
in addition to those
real digital voice recorder
about this compact immunity model on
blows dirt wicking low temperature
and other scraps while she takes off
not only high-quality photos but
and video
here still say for the present from
superhero
equipment as well as universal
apparatus
This includes the communicator
charger and cable for it
wire free ticket science video so on
wrist strap on carabinieri dugout
software disc and
user's manual
looks at the parade courageously and defiantly
This harsh gadget is clearly not for the glamor
ladies
and could not female pens
durable aluminum shells with
rubberized elements who
protect the camera and your shots for one hundred percent
percent
he can withstand a fall from one and a half meters
heights load up to one hundred kilograms and
temperature below ten degrees
but that's not all
This device calmly refers to
immersion to a depth of ten
meters
can still shoot all the beauty underwater
world and at the same time this camera is compact
and lung irreplaceable companion active
By the way, the rest is new.
black and blue are five colors
years of accident
on the left side of a reliable cover
is the display connectors and here I am
saw writes le mar on the right alone
metal window villages bottom slot
for sd card slot for
Communicator hut something that Kiev
top two buttons
shutter release power
the last way backlit
on the front side the camera is placed
wide angle lenses
with thread for the hood
flash on the back
I think 7 inch touch screen
and basic controls
Control key menu key browse
eat faces in frame navigation and green
regime
and not felt easily
and pressed effortlessly
simple and intuitive menu consists of two
items shooting options and settings
camera green button includes full
automatics
now programmable on
any other function
14 megapixel matrix
presents pictures with a resolution of 4288 on 3
thousand 216 handwriting
wide-angle lenses equipped
five times a zoom on it scattered five
high power LEDs for especially so stream oleg
in dark images optical
stabilizer take care reporting
the resulting pictures besides this camera
record video with high quality
1280x720 resolution
thanks to the theme interface
you will easily view the results externally
monitor or tv
gave experience g1 powerful in
universal device with a huge
internal potential
the camera is perfect for everyone like
extreme and avid tourists and
simple consumers are not afraid of the camera
no water no dust no dirt but thanks
compact size he will always be with you
you do not miss any interesting
frames